Translation corrections (#268)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/yoig_010.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#aa886c>美雪</color>", NULL, "<color=#aa886c>Miyuki</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 40, "ps3/s10/40/410300902", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「だから、彼に対してその文句や不満を言って嫌われたりしたら、彼は自分を必要としなくなって、手元から離れていくかもしれない」",

> 			NULL, "\"Because you were worried that if you ever complained to him or told him how you really felt, he might walk out on you, realizing he was no longer needed.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Because you were worried that if you ever complained to him or told him how you really felt, he might realize he was no longer needed and walk out on you.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r十和田さんの言っていることは、…要するに、自己満足の典型。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "十和田さんの言っていることは、…要するに、自己満足の典型。",
			NULL, "What Towada-san told us was... to put it bluntly, the epitome of self-satisfaction.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r自分の作り出した世界で勝手に考え、判断して、…本当の意味での解決から逃げ続けた、…卑怯者の論理だった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "自分の作り出した世界で勝手に考え、判断して、…本当の意味での解決から逃げ続けた、…卑怯者の論理だった。",

> 			NULL, "Thinking by yourself, making your own decision, and constantly running away from confronting the problem in its truest sense, all in a world of your own invention... That was the logic of cowards.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Thinking by yourself, making your own decisions, and constantly running away from confronting the problem in its truest sense, all in a world of your own invention... That was the logic of cowards.", Line_Normal);
```
